datasets/README.md, before:

Here there is a description for each of datasets:

# ISTAT

url: http://stra-dati.istat.it/?lang=en

**Social Condition and Integration of Foreign Citizens**: In 2011-2012 Istat conducted the first national sample survey on “Social Condition and Integration of Foreign Citizens” (SCIF). The SCIF survey aims at providing information on many features of socio-economic integration of migrants in Italy for a better understanding of resident foreign population. The sampling unit is the household with at least one component with foreign citizenship resident in Italy. In the SCIF survey, foreign citizens are identified by citizenship, not by the place of birth. Face-to-Face interviews have been conducted by CAPI technique (Computer Assisted Personal Interviewing), on a sample of 9,553 households, for a total of 20,379 individuals with foreign citizenship. The survey data provides a framework on characteristics, behaviors, attitudes and opinions of the foreign citizens resident in Italy. Several aspects are detected: family composition, education, migratory path, employment status, discrimination, health conditions and accessibility of health services, migrant integration, citizen's security and victimization, housing conditions. The survey is included in the National Statistical Programme (NSP) which gathers the statistical investigations needed for the Country.

### List of files:
`Resident foreigners and life conditions - en.csv`: Complete dataset, Resident foreigners and life conditions : Level of education and gender

These dataset also imported as 4 seperate `csv` files:

`DCIS_CV_STRA_12122024114014932.csv`: Citizenship and age

`DCIS_CV_STRA_12122024114157143.csv`: Citizenship and presence in Italy

`DCIS_CV_STRA_12122024114315627.csv`: Gender and presence in Italy

`DCIS_CV_STRA_12122024114340977.csv`: Level of education and gender


# IstatData

url: https://esploradati.istat.it/

IstatData is the new platform to disseminate Istat aggregate data.
All data currently available on I.Stat have been moved to IstatData, which allows to browse the same contents improved with charts, maps and thematic data summaries.
The platform uses the open source tools "Data Browser" and "Meta & Data Manager" developed by Istat (https://sdmxistattoolkit.github.io) following the international standard SDMX (Statistical Data and Metadata eXchange) for the exchange and sharing of data and statistical metadata.

### List of files:
The datasets used  were obtained from the Population and Households section and the Foreigners and Immigrants section, located within the respective path on the website.

Commit message:

Update README info about new dataset files

datasets/README.md, after:

Here there is a description for each of datasets:

# IstatData

url: https://esploradati.istat.it/

IstatData is the new platform to disseminate Istat aggregate data.
All data currently available on I.Stat have been moved to IstatData, which allows to browse the same contents improved with charts, maps and thematic data summaries.
The platform uses the open source tools "Data Browser" and "Meta & Data Manager" developed by Istat (https://sdmxistattoolkit.github.io) following the international standard SDMX (Statistical Data and Metadata eXchange) for the exchange and sharing of data and statistical metadata.

### List of files:
The datasets used  were obtained from the Population and Households section and the Foreigners and Immigrants or Migrations section, located within the respective path on the website.

| ID  | Dataset link | Name |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 
| D1  | [esloradati.istat.it](https://esploradati.istat.it/databrowser/#/en/dw/categories/IT1,POP,1.0/POP_FOREIGNIM/DCIS_POPSTRRES1/IT1,29_7_DF_DCIS_POPSTRRES1_1,1.0)  | `Italy, regions, provinces (IT1,29_7_DF_DCIS_POPSTRRES1_1,1.0)`; Population on 1st January |
| D2  | [esloradati.istat.it](https://esploradati.istat.it/databrowser/#/en/dw/categories/IT1,POP,1.0/POP_FOREIGNIM/DCIS_POPSTRBIL1/IT1,29_316_DF_DCIS_POPSTRBIL1_1,1.0) | `Italy, regions, provinces (IT1,29_316_DF_DCIS_POPSTRBIL1_1,1.0)`; Balance | 
| D3  | [esloradati.istat.it](https://esploradati.istat.it/databrowser/#/en/dw/categories/IT1,POP,1.0/POP_FOREIGNIM/DCIS_ACQCITIZ/IT1,29_849_DF_DCIS_ACQCITIZ_1,1.0) | `Process and age class (IT1,29_849_DF_DCIS_ACQCITIZ_1,1.0)`; Foreigners who acquired Italian citizenship | 
| D4  | [esloradati.istat.it](https://esploradati.istat.it/databrowser/#/en/dw/categories/IT1,POP,1.0/POP_MIGRATIONS/DCIS_MIGRAZIONI/IT1,28_185_DF_DCIS_MIGRAZIONI_2,1.0) | `Immigrants - citizenship (IT1,28_185_DF_DCIS_MIGRAZIONI_2,1.0)` | 
| D5  | [esloradati.istat.it](https://esploradati.istat.it/databrowser/#/en/dw/categories/IT1,POP,1.0/POP_FOREIGNIM/DCIS_PERMSOGG1/IT1,29_348_DF_DCIS_PERMSOGG1_1,1.0) | `Type of residence permit and citizenship (IT1,29_348_DF_DCIS_PERMSOGG1_1,1.0)`; Residence permits on 1st January |
